If you've ever tried to build or fix a GTFS feed, you know it can be painful.
Tedious shape editing, Python scripts, spreadsheets, and lots of those validation errors.
Enter GTFS·X, a fast, easy, browser-based editor that makes editing a breeze.
It handles the spec correctly as you build routes, stops, and schedules all on a map.
Draw a route by snapping lines to streets, drop stops where they belong, add a service calendar, and easily generate timed runs.
When you're done, export a standards-compliant GTFS zip in one click.
Continuous validation flags errors as you edit, before you export.
Upgrading to Pro adds hosted publishing.
Your feed lives at a canonical URL, so Google Maps or your CAD/AVL vendor can just consume it.
Snapshot history and Mobility Database submission are all included.
Give it a try for free at gtfsx.com.
No sign-up required — just open the editor and start.